User Stories
Bills
As a news agent I want to be able to Create new bills in case the automated system missed one.
Given I am logged in as a news agent, when I click on the option to create a new bill, fill in all the required fields with information and submit, then a new bill is created with the correct data with an unique bill ID
Given i am creating a new bill,when I leave a required field empty, then the system blocks the submission and notifies the user the field is missing

As a news agent I want to be able to read existing bills to see which ones I still need to create.
Given I am logged in as a news agent or delivery person, when I open the bills, then I see a list of all existing bills with key details.

As a news agent I want to be able to update existing bills to correct any mistakes.
Given an existing bill, when I edit an allowed field and save, then the changes are saved and updated to the database
Given I edit a bill, when I enter invalid data, then the system blocks the submission ans shows an error message

As a news agent I want to be able to delete existing bills so that the system is not cluttered with already sent out bills.
Given an existing bill, when I choose to delete it, then the system asks for confirmation.
Given the user confirms the deletion, when actions completes, the bill is removed from the table.

Publication
As a news agent I want to be able to create new Publications that the users can order to accommodate growth and the occasion that we get new partnerships.
Given I am logged in as a news agent, when I complete the create publication form with all the correct data and submit, then the new publication is created and stored in the database
Given I am creating a publication, when I dont fill out a required field, then submission is blocked with a clear error message.

As a news agent I want to be able to read existing to Publications so that I can communicate the available options to the customers.
Given I am logged in as a news agent or deliver person,when I go to see the existing publications then I am able to see all existing publications with the correct information.

As a news agent I want to be able to update existing Publications so that I can update any changes to them, either due to incorrect information or changes in their services.
Given an existing publication, when I edit a field and save it, then the changes are saved to the database and updated in the UI.
Given I edit a publication, when I enter invalid data, then the save is blocked and an error message is shows.

As a news agent I want to be able to delete any existing Publication in the case the publication is not available any more.
Given an existing publication, when I choose to delete it, then the system asks for confirmation.
Given the user confirms the deletion, when actions completes, the publication is removed from the table.

As news agent if any of the publications are below 5 in stock I want to get a notification so I can restock them
Given a publication stock level, when it drops below 5, then a system notifies the news agent showing the publication and current stock.
Given user is given the option to increase the stock, when the news agents restocks the publication, then the system stores the updated value in the database and shows the updated value
