Customer
1.As a news agent, I want to create a new customer because a new local customer wants me to deliver newspapers.
2.As a news agent, I want to update a customer's details so that any deliveries are delivered to them correctly.
3.As a news agent, I want to be able to see a customer's details to ensure if they are correct.
4.As a news agent, I want to delete a customer's account as they no longer wish to receive newspapers regularly.

Orders
1.As a news agent, I want to place an order for newspapers to be delivered as the customer has asked to receive newspapers regularly.
2.As a news agent, I want to be able to see what publications the customer is receiving because I want to remind myself of what publications they ordered.
3.As a news agent, I want to update an order because a customer has changed their mind on what publication to receive.
4.As a news agent, I want to delete an order as the customer accidentally ordered a publication.

AC:
Cust:
1.User enters all required details and create, then the customer will be added to the system.
  The customer will have a unique CustID.
  Required fields such as name, address and contact details must not be empty.
  The system should display a confirmation alert when the customer is successfully created.
  Invalid info should display an error alert.
2.User selects the customer, edits their details, then the updated info is saved.
  The system has to allow changes to details.
  The updated details should be displayed when selected again.
  The system should display a confirmation alert to confirm that the update was successful.
3.If customer exists in the system, the user selects a customer and their details are displayed.
  The displayed info should be; CustID, name, address and contact details.
  The details displayed must match the information stored.
  If the customer does not exist, the system should display an alert.
4.User selects a customer's account to delete . 
  A confirmation message should display to confirm the deletion.
  The deleted customer should no longer appear in the system.
  The system should display confirmation that the customer was successfully deleted.
  If the user tries to delete a customer who does not exist, an error message should display.
Order:
1.User creates an order and selects the requested publication(s), then the order is saved and associated with the requesting customer.
  An order needs to contain a valid customer and a valid publication.
  The system should assign a unique order ID.
  The system should not continue in making a new order if required info is missing.
  The system should display a confirmation message when the order is successfully created.
2.The User selects the customer's account. The account shows all ordered publications for the customer.
  Each order should display info such as the publication name and order details.
  Orders only belonging to the selected customer should be displayed.
  If the customer has no orders, the system should indicate that no orders exist.
3.The user selects an existing order. They update the publication and save the changes. The order change should be saved.
  The updated info should be displayed when the order is viewed again.
  The system should display a confirmation message that the order was successfully updated.
4.The user chooses to delete an existing order, confirm the deletion and check the order is removed.
  The system should ask for confirmation before deleting the order.
  The deleted order should no longer appear in the customer's orders.
  The system should display a confirmation message that the order was successfully deleted.
